chore(docs): Add section to document best practice usage of pageContext (#23136)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/creating-and-modifying-pages.md

      // In your blog post template's graphql query, you can use pagePath
      // as a GraphQL variable to query for data from the markdown file.
      context: {
        pagePath: path
      }
    })
  })
}
```

## Trade-offs of querying for all fields in the context object of `gatsby-node.js`

> Imagine a scenario where you could query for all the parameters your template would need in the `gatsby-node.js`. What are the performance advantages this method might propose? In this section, you will look into this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine a scenario where you could query for all the parameters your template would need in the `gatsby-node.js`. What would the implications be? In this section, you will look into this.
```

Performance advantages is 1 of 2 things addressed in the sections below (performance and incremental builds) so I think rewording this would make sense.

Author: Oh, I agree.

In the initial approach you have seen how the `gatsby-node.js` file would have a query block like so :

```graphql
  const queryResults = await graphql(`
    query AllProducts {

>       AllProducts {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      allProducts {
```

Seems like Gatsby defaults to camelCase on these aggregate GraphQL fields when they're generated.

        nodes {
          id
        }
      }
    }
  `);
```

> Using the `id` as an access point to query for other properties in the template is the default approach. However, Suppose you had a list of products with properties you would like to query for. Handling the query all from `gatsby-node.js` the query would look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `id` as an access point to query for other properties in the template is the default approach. However, suppose you had a list of products with properties you would like to query for. Handling the query entirely from `gatsby-node.js`  would result in the query looking like this:
```

> ```javascript:tittle=gatsby-node.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```javascript:title=gatsby-node.js
```

exports.createPages = async ({ graphql, actions }) => {
  const { createPage } = actions;
  const queryResults = await graphql(`
    query AllProducts {

>       AllProducts {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      allProducts {
```

Same as above

        nodes {
          id
          name
          price
          description
        }
      }
    }
  `);

  const productTemplate = path.resolve(`src/templates/product.js`);
  queryResults.data.allProducts.nodes.forEach(node => {
    createPage({
      path: `/products/${node.id}`,
      component: productTemplate,
      context: {
        // This time the entire product is passed down as context
        product
      }
    });
  });
};
};
```

> You are now requesting all the data you need in a single query (this requires server-side support to fetch many products in a single database query).

> As long as you can pass this data down to the template component via `pageContext`, there is no need for the template to make a GraphQL query at all.

Your template file would look like this:

> ```javascript:tittle=src/templates/product.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```javascript:title=src/templates/product.js
```

function Product({ pageContext }) {
  return (
    <div>
      Name: {pageContext.name}
      Price: {pageContext.price}
      Description: {pageContext.description}
    </div>
  )
}
```

> ### Pefromance implecations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Performance implications
```

Thanks Typo bot 🙂 haha

> Using the PageContext props in the template component can come with its performance advantages, of getting in all the data you need at build time; from the createPages API. This prevents having a graphql query in the template component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `pageContext` props in the template component can come with its performance advantages, of getting in all the data you need at build time; from the createPages API. This removes the need to have a GraphQL query in the template component.
```

It does come with the advantage of querying your data from one place after declaring the `context` parameter.

> However, it doesn’t give you the opportunity to know what exactly you are querying for in the template and if any changes occur in the component query structure in gatsby-node.js. Hot reload is taken off the table and the site needs to be rebuilt for changes to reflect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it doesn’t give you the opportunity to know what exactly you are querying for in the template and if any changes occur in the component query structure in `gatsby-node.js`. [Hot reload](/docs/glossary#hot-module-replacement) is taken off the table and the site needs to be rebuilt for changes to reflect.
```

This is an opportunity to link to this word in the glossary 🙂

Author: hahaa, Thanks !

> Gatsby stores page metadata (including context) in a redux store (which also means that it stores its memory). For large enough sites (either number of pages and/or amount of data that is being passed via page context) this will cause problems. This might be out of memory crashes if it's too much data or degraded performance.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I fully understand this paragraph 🤔 

> in a redux store (which also means that it stores its memory)

Is the redux store also stored in-memory?

> (either number of pages and/or amount of data that is being passed via page context)

Does this mean something like based on the number of pages or data? Maybe saying "For larger sites..." because a large site is relative. What makes a site too big?

Author: I’ll rephrase this, also I pinged Pieh about this classification of “Larger site” . I think in this case maybe a prompt to say the pages are becoming too much would help ?

Author: I rephrased. 😄

> If there is memory pressure, Node.js will try to garbage collect more often, which is a known performance issue.

> Page query results, are not stored in memory permanently and are being saved to disk immediately after running the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Page query results are not stored in memory permanently and are being saved to disk immediately after running the query.
```

We recommend passing "ids" or "slugs" and making full queries in the page template query to avoid this.

### Incremental builds trade-off of this method

> Another disadvantage of this method is that because your site has to be rebuilt every time you make a change you will not be able to take advantage of incremental builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another disadvantage of querying all of your data in `gatsby-node.js` is that your site has to be rebuilt every time you make a change, so you will not be able to take advantage of incremental builds.
```

Restating what the method was might make sense here, the first time I read it I thought it was referring to the method of passing in an id and then querying in the template since that's the last thing I read the section before.
